ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/service/Interface/ITaskService.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.service.Interface.ITaskService
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/SimpleCORSFilter.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.SimpleCORSFilter
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/DataAccess/IStatRepository.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.DataAccess.IStatRepository
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/service/Interface/IPriorityService.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.service.Interface.IPriorityService
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/service/Implementation/StatService.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.service.Implementation.StatService
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/entity/Stat.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.entity.Stat
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/service/Implementation/TaskService.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.service.Implementation.TaskService
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/search/TaskSearchValues.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.search.TaskSearchValues
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/entity/Priority.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.entity.Priority
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/entity/Category.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.entity.Category
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/service/Implementation/CategoryService.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.service.Implementation.CategoryService
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/BackendDashboardApplication.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.BackendDashboardApplication
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/DataAccess/ICategoryRepository.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.DataAccess.ICategoryRepository
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/service/Interface/IStatService.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.service.Interface.IStatService
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/service/Implementation/PriorityService.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.service.Implementation.PriorityService
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/search/SearchValues.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.search.SearchValues
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/DataAccess/IPriorityRepository.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.DataAccess.IPriorityRepository
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/controller/PriorityController.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.controller.PriorityController
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/service/Interface/ICategoryService.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.service.Interface.ICategoryService
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/entity/Task.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.entity.Task
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/SecurityConfig.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.SecurityConfig
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/controller/CategoryController.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.controller.CategoryController
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/controller/StatController.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.controller.StatController
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/DataAccess/ITaskRepository.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.DataAccess.ITaskRepository
ru/dashboard/backenddashboard/controller/TaskController.java
 ru.dashboard.backenddashboard.controller.TaskController
